a movie star don't you care mine to
three generally yeah I don't see ya they
can teen wrestler shahid senior sahi
junior or mother muslim is so good
don't wanna hear Kunichika why we're
taking a hot heat but the Marquis and
caressed gonna put the Boosters your
card on your ass
generaiiy
negotiate with happy soda go to yahwah's
very good very good
yeah yeah yeah because it's ours no no
very good yes very good really glad o
shower change with our tech rotate
chemistry taken off Oh Oh yet it would
be our very good very good very good
Doris Omni Omni insomnia j0g some me
again I'll be a mother someday somewhere
turkey Turkey one two three
not any money not any money tell you
gran a grocery go
oh yeah the cameraman Simon Rodia or ya
shahe looper very good vodka tonic
Stella busty get sure